README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite
- Redux for global state management

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Deleted the demo project, updated initial documentation

README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite
- A CLI to launch an interactive development environment for writing and documenting code.
- A user will be able to use the CLI to launch an interactive development environment inside their browser.
- Users will be able to share their code with others by sharing a URL that points to the interactive development environment.
- A copy of their works can also be saved to their local machine.
- Firebase or mongodb implementation?!!
- Users can choose different themes for their code.
- Supports js, ts, jsx and tsx files.
- Redux for global state management
- babeljs.io & codepen.io for inspiration
- Javascript modules: file that makes some values available to other modules. It does this by exporting them and then importing them into other modules. Can import and export multiple values.
- Transpiling: converting code from one language to another. Babel is a popular transpiler for JavaScript.
- Bundler: read the contents of the entry file, then recursively read the contents of all the files that are imported by the entry file, then read the contents of all the files that are imported by those files, and so on, until it has a complete list of all the files that are needed by the application. Then it combines all of those files into a single file, which is the bundle.
- Transpiling locally: the code is transpiled on the client's machine. Faster code exectution, but slower initial load time. No need to maintain an API server. Less complexity!! What I'll be using. (explain further in the future)
- Raw User Code --> ESBuild (Replaces what Babel and Webpack do) --> Bundle --> Browser: https://esbuild.github.io/ - 100x faster than Webpack and Babel. EsBuild uses Go.


This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
export default {
  // other rules...
  parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
  },
}
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list
